add onelogin saml guide (#22)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/guides/saml/onelogin.md

---
title: OneLogin
meta_desc: This page provides a walkthrough important aspects of configuring
  OneLogin as a SAML SSO identity provider (IdP).
menu:
  userguides:
    parent: saml
    weight: 2

aliases:
  - /docs/reference/service/saml-onelogin/
  - /docs/console/accounts/saml/onelogin/
---

This guide walks you through configuring OneLogin as a SAML SSO identity provider (IdP) for the Pulumi Console.

## Prerequisites

- [Single Sign-On]({{< relref "sso" >}})

## Creating the OneLogin Application

The first step is to create a new OneLogin Application for Pulumi SSO:

> - From the OneLogin Administration portal, go to the **Applications** page and click the **Add App** button.

Reviewer: Please make these numbered steps.

Author: Done

{{< saml-warning >}}

| Configuration Settings     | Value                                                     |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| Relay State                | `https://api.pulumi.com/login/acmecorp/sso`               |
| Audience (EntityID)        | `https://api.pulumi.com/login/acmecorp/sso/saml/metadata` |
| Recipient                  | `https://api.pulumi.com/login/acmecorp/sso/saml/acs`      |
| ACS Consumer URL Validator | `.*`                                                      |
| ACS Consumer URL           | `https://api.pulumi.com/login/acmecorp/sso/saml/acs`      |
| SAML initiator             | `OneLogin`                                                |
| SAML nameID format         | `Email`                                                   |
| SAML issuer type           | `Specific`                                                |
| SAML signature element     | `Response`                                                |
| SAML encryption method     | `TRIPLEDES-CBC`                                           |

> > **Important:** Do not change the value of the Name ID Format once your users have started using Pulumi---not even switching its value between `EmailAddress` or `Persistent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notes type="warning" %}}
Do not change the value of the Name ID Format once your users have started using Pulumi---not even switching its value between `EmailAddress` or `Persistent`.
{{% /notes %}}
```

Can you add a bit more "why" to the end of this warning (e.g. what will happen if they change the value?)

Author: TBH, I don't know - this is text I copied from other SSO SAML docs pages (e.g. Okta).

Reviewer: Gotcha. We can leave it as is for now.

### User Assignments

After the Pulumi SAML application has been created in OneLogin, the next step is to assign users to it.
This will grant specific users or groups access to sign into Pulumi with their OneLogin-provided
credentials.

To assign users or groups to the application, navigate to the **Users** tab in the OneLogin portal to add users and then assign them to the Pulumi SSO application.

![User Assignments](/images/docs/reference/service/saml-onelogin/onelogin-add-user-sso.png)

## Configuring Your Pulumi Organization

The final step is to configure the Pulumi Console with details on your new OneLogin-based
SAML application. To do this, you need to obtain the IDP metadata document from OneLogin and then provide
it to Pulumi.

First, navigate to the OneLogin Application you created above and click the **More Actions** drop down menu button and select _SAML Metadata_ to download the metadata XML file.

![Get Metadata](/images/docs/reference/service/saml-onelogin/onelogin-get-metadata.png)

- Open the file and copy the entire block of XML text in your clipboard
- Open the Pulumi Console and navigate to your SAML organization.

> - Click the **Settings** tab, and then select **SAML SSO**.

Reviewer: Please make these numbered steps.

Author: Done
